New Excercises (#30)
Akuli/python-tutorial: basics/loops.md

        number = int(number)
    print(numbers)
    ```
5. Make a programme to get a pyramid like shown in the OUTPUT section where user can type the number of rows needed
   >**OUTPUT** for 5 rows<br>
1 <br>
1 2 <br>
1 2 3 <br>
1 2 3 4 <br>

> 1 2 3 4 5 <br>

Reviewer: Please replace `<br>` with `` ``` ``.

        number = int(number)
    print(numbers)
    ```

> 5. Make a program to get a pyramid like shown below where user can type the number of rows needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make a program that prints a pyramid like shown below. Ask the user to type the number of rows needed.
```

> 5. Make a programme to get a pyramid like shown in the OUTPUT section where user can type the number of rows needed

Reviewer: Some nits that I would like to have fixed:
- "programme --> "program"
- "in the OUTPUT section" --> "below"

Reviewer: - add `.` to the end

   ```
   OUTPUT for 5 rows
   1 
   1 2 
   1 2 3 
   1 2 3 4 
   1 2 3 4 5 
   ```

> 6. Make a programme to get a pyramid like shown in the OUTPUT section where user can type the number of rows needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Modify your program from the previous exercise to print this instead:
```

   ```

>    OUTPUT when rows is equal to 5

Reviewer: It would be nice to be consistent with the previous exercise:

```suggestion
   OUTPUT for 5 rows
```

Reviewer: Seems like you marked this resolved without actually changing this? Note that "Resolve conversation" and "Commit suggestion" are two different buttons.
